Test playbook xsiam fix (#29451)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonPlaybooks/ReleaseNotes/2_4_0.md

#### Playbooks

##### Containment Plan - Clear User Sessions

> Added a condition to check if the input `username` is not empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a condition to validate if the `username` input is not empty.
- Internal code improvements.
```
